Git Basics: Fix git basics markdown and sentence clarity (#24762)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: git/foundations_git/git_basics.md

    ![Edit README using text editor](https://cdn.statically.io/gh/TheOdinProject/curriculum/b54d14c5dcee1c6fac61aee02fca7e9ef7ba1510/foundations/git_basics/project_practicing_git_basics/imgs/12.png)

> 3.  Back in your terminal (or if you're using Visual Studio Code, you can press Ctrl + ` to open the fancy built-in terminal), type `git status`. You'll notice that README.md is now shown as not staged or committed.

Reviewer: In looking at this in the lesson preview tool, I think the ` gets lost, so I think it would be useful to name the symbol that they will be pressing. Since that part of the sentence was already in parenthesis, I re-arranged the wording a bit.
```suggestion
3.  Go back to your terminal or if you're using Visual Studio Code you can open the built-in terminal by pressing Ctrl + ` (backtick). Then type `git status`. You'll notice that README.md is now shown as not staged or committed.
```

Author: Makes sense to me! Thanks!
